README.md, before:

# Entangle v. 0.9
![Entangle Logo](http://entangle.ucoz.net/text_logo.png)

![Screenshot](http://entangle.ucoz.net/Screenshots/Entangle_0.9.png)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/IlyaBizyaev/Entangle.svg?branch=unstable)](https://travis-ci.org/IlyaBizyaev/Entangle)

## Description
Entangle is a simple application, designed to help users protect their private and personal data in a few clicks.
Entangle is built using wxWidgets and Crypto++ libraries, which makes it cross-platform.

**Project website:** http://entangle.ucoz.net/
## Building from sources
### Linux
To build the application on Linux, you need to install the following packages:
- `libwxgtk3.0` and `libwxgtk3.0-dev`
- `libcrypto++9` and `libcrypto++-dev`

**Note.** On some distributions, Cryto++ packages may be called `libcryptopp`.

### Windows
On Windows, you have to download wxWidgets and Crypto++ libraries from official websites and build them manually.

**Supported compilers:** GCC, MinGW.

### Compilation
```
cd ~/Downloads/Entangle-unstable/ # Depends on the location
make
sudo make install
make clean
```
**Note.** You may need to redefine `WXDIR` and `CRYPTDIR` constants on Windows.

## Note
For now, this application is under active development, which means it is not for public usage; so, the "master" branch is empty. However, you can see the pre-release code in the "unstable" branch.
Any fixes and improvements are appreciated!
## License
Entangle is distributed under the GNU GPL v3 license; however, I STRONGLY recommend not to make forks or use this code in any other applications until first official release.
Please notify me if you want to use this code in any projects.
## Thanks to...
...**DenDev** for the event processing algorithm.

...**doublemax** for the progress bar.

...**Jean-Pierre Münch**, **Jeffrey Walton** and **Mobile Mouse** for help with the encryption.

...**RostakaGmfun** for improving the Makefile and Ukrainian translation.
## Copyright
Copyright (C) Ilya Bizyaev <bizyaev@lyceum62.ru>, 2015.

Commit message:

Entangle Code Review
A lot of time has come since my last commit. I had a busy school year, so the development was frozen.
Now I am FINALLY proudly announcing that the development of the 1.0 release is coming to its end.
I admit there still may be some bugs. I admit that I cannot guarantee total stability and security.
But that's now a totally different code - that's so far from what it was last year that it even looks like a different program!
Actually, I don't have the complete changelog to publish it here; but here is a brief explanation of my changes:
--- New Features ---
- Compression (useful for making backups)
- Other ways of selecting files
- Full installation on Linux
- New Makefile
--- Fixes ---
- Finished all translations.
- LOADS and LOADS of stability fixes!
- Code quality (read: beauty)
... and MUCH, MUCH MORE.
The last thing I would like to say here is that the worst thing that happened to the project and caused this year-long delay - that SecBlock assert on Windows - WAS NOT. MY. FAULT. I have avoided it by switching to TDM-GCC-64 compiler on Windows.
Thanks to everyone who helped me! All of you are amazing people I am lucky to know! :)

Enjoy (^_^),
Ilya.

README.md, after:

# Entangle v. 1.0
![Entangle Logo](http://entangle.ucoz.net/text_logo.png)

![Screenshot](http://entangle.ucoz.net/Screenshots/Entangle_1.0.png)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/IlyaBizyaev/Entangle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/IlyaBizyaev/Entangle)

## Description
Entangle is a simple application, designed to help users protect their private data in a few clicks.
Entangle is built using wxWidgets and Crypto++ libraries, which makes it cross-platform.
### Features:
- User-friendly
- Multilingual
- Cross-platform
- Lightweight

**Project website:** http://entangle.ucoz.net/
## Building from sources
### Linux
To build the application on Linux, you need to install the following packages:
- `libwxgtk3.0` and `libwxgtk3.0-dev` for wxWidgets
- `libcrypto++9` and `libcrypto++-dev` for Crypto++
It is also possible to use manually built libraries.

**Note.** On some distributions, Cryto++ packages may be called `libcryptopp`.

### Windows
On Windows, you have to download wxWidgets and Crypto++ libraries from official websites and build them manually.
**Notes:**
For wxWidgets, it is recommended to use MSYS and run `make install`.
For Crypto++, it is recommended to locate it at "C:\cryptopp"
You may have to edit Makefile otherwise.

**Supported compilers:** GCC (TDM-GCC on Windows).

### Compilation
```
cd ~/Entangle/ # Depends on the location
make
sudo make install
make clean
```

## Note
Any feedback, improvements and fixes are appreciated!
## License
Entangle is distributed under the GNU GPL v3 license.
But please, notify me if you want to use this code in any projects.
## Thanks to...
...**doublemax** and **DenDev** for answering my wxQuestions :)

...**Jean-Pierre Münch**, **Jeffrey Walton** and **Mobile Mouse** for help with the encryption.

...**RostakaGmfun** for testing and Ukrainian translation.
## Copyright
Copyright (C) Ilya Bizyaev <bizyaev@lyceum62.ru>, 2015-2016.
